[Tooltip] Improve docs and warning for custom children (#22775)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/composition/composition.md

> Function components cannot be given refs. Attempts to access this ref will fail. Did you mean to use React.forwardRef()?

> Be aware that you will still get this warning for `lazy` and `memo` components if their wrapped component can't hold a ref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you will still get this warning for `lazy` and `memo` components if their wrapped component can't hold a ref.
```
